Document deep spl_check enhancement (#5872)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/pg_extensions/spl_check/using/index.mdx

) ss
ORDER BY (pcf).functionid::regprocedure::text, (pcf).lineno;
```
## Validating function calls

When the GUC `spl_check.validate_function_calls` is set to true, `spl_check` validates a function and any function bodies encountered while validating the initial function.

For example, if function `f1()` calls function `f2()` and `spl_check.validate_function_calls` is set to true, `spl_check` vaidates function `f1()` and function `f2()`. If `spl_check.validate_function_calls` is set to false, `spl_check` validates only function `f1()` and checks the parameters and return type of `f2()`.

Use the `SET` command to set the value of `spl_check.validate_function_calls`. By default `spl_check.validate_function_calls` is set to false.

> `spl_check` does not check any functions with an OID less than `FirstNormalObjectId` (that is, functions defined in the `sys` or `pg_catalog` schema). They are assumed to be system functions. Also, `spl_check` skips system packages and functions written in languages other than EDB SPL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spl_check` doesn't check any functions with an OID less than `FirstNormalObjectId`, that is, functions defined in the `sys` or `pg_catalog` schema. They are assumed to be system functions. Also, `spl_check` skips system packages and functions written in languages other than EDB SPL.
```
